Timesheet
==========
This program logs your working time either by computer uptime or by wifi data. To run it automatically at system start, you have to add it to autorun. (most likely either your autorun folder, or a task using the taskplaner and the user logon event)
It is possible to log breaks using the computer lock screen. This way, you can either lock your screen manually when taking breaks or configure your screensaver to lock the screen after n minutes, so it will automatically log your breaks.

Timesheet will start hidden. You can access the settings and export by double-clicking the tray icon.
System date format has to be either dd.mm.yyyy or dd/mm/yyyy

Enterprise Edition
==================
The enterprise edition of Timesheet is being delivered with a serverside PHP application that keeps track of the data and allows the admin to generate charts out of it.
A CSV-exporter allows export to other systems. It can be used from the dashboard, or with a cron job.

Installation
-------------
Requirements:
-MySQL
-A Webserver
-Windows 7-1 Clients with dotNET Framework 4.0
-PHP 8.x
    -gd
    -mysqli
    -zip

Copy the contents of the zip file to your webroot. 
Afterwards, create a MySQL database and import timesheet.sql into it.
Edit include/db.inc.php and admin/include/db.inc.php and apply your database settings.
Edit apipass.conf and hostname.conf according to your settings.


First Login
-------------
To login to the admin panel, go to http://XXXXXXX/admin
The default password is changeit.

Initialisation
--------------
First, go to "Distribution=>Settings". There you can enter the hostname of the backend, as well as an initial api password.
To add a client, click on "Distribution"=>"Distribution Generator". This will generate a ZIP file with the Timesheet client and some configuration settings.

The client will have to enter an initialization key the first time he starts the program, which is being generated by the distribution generator, which can be found in the dashboard.
It is the administrator's task to provide it together with the program and to add the program to autostart/generate msi for deployment.
The corresponding user will be generated automatically at initialization.
The user account of the client app should differe from the working user account, and the .txt files should be read-/write protected.

Usermanagement
--------------
Nothing much to do here. The usermanagement allows you to delete client users, and change passwords.

Output
--------------
To output the generated data, click on "Charts" in the admin panel. You can choose whether to get a weekly/monthly overview, or user dependent details.
The charts menu also allows you to do a manual CSV export.


